V2.16-RUN-15152-alertmanager-alerts (#633)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/troubleshooting/alertmanager/RunaiStatefulSetInsufficientReplicas.md

---
title: RunaiStatefulSetInsufficientReplicas
summary: This article describes the RunaiStatefulSetInsufficientReplicas alert.
authors:
    - Jason Novich
    - Viktor Koukouliev
date: 2024-Jan-10
---

## Meaning

> The Run:ai `statefulset` has no available pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Run:ai `statefulset` has no available pods.
```

## Impact

> There are no metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no metrics avaliable.
```

> There is no database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no database.
```

## Severity

Critical

## Diagnosis

> Run `kubectl get statefulset -n runai-backend` to see if one or more of the stateful sets has no running pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `kubectl get statefulset -n runai-backend` to identify the one or more stateful sets with no running pods.
```

## Mitigation

> Run `kubectl describe statefulset X -n runai-backend` to try and figure out why the `statefulset` cannot create pods. Contact Run:ai if you cannot correct the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `kubectl describe statefulset X -n runai-backend` 

From the stateful set details, try to figure out why the it cannot create pods. 

If you cannot correct the issue, contact Run:ai support.
```
